Polishing documentation (#22)
uniqorg/eslint-extensions: apps/website/docs/plugins/migrate-to-typescript/getting-started.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
displayed_sidebar: "migrate2typescriptSidebar"
---

# Getting Started

This is a 5 minutes guide how to work with the `eslint-plugin-migrate-to-typescript` plugin

Let's discover `eslint-plugin-migrate-to-typescript` in
**less than 5 minutes**.

### Prerequisites

- Prerequisites: [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) (`^12.22.0`, `^14.17.0`, or `>=16.0.0`) built with SSL support. (If you are using an official Node.js distribution, SSL is always built in.)

## Installation

with `npm`

```sh

> # eslint-plugin-migrate-to-typescript has peer-dependencies the must be installed together with it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# eslint-plugin-migrate-to-typescript has peer-dependencies that must be installed together with it
```

# install peer-deps
npm install --save-dev eslint @typescript-eslint/parser @typescript-eslint/types @typescript-eslint/utils
# then install the plugin
npm install --save-dev  eslint-plugin-migrate-to-typescript
```

with `yarn`

```sh
# install peer-deps
yarn add -D eslint @typescript-eslint/parser @typescript-eslint/types @typescript-eslint/utils
# then install the plugin
yarn add -D eslint-plugin-migrate-to-typescript
```

> ## Configuring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration
```
(same משקל as the "Installation" above)

with `json`:

```json
{
  // .eslintrc.json
  "plugins": ["migrate-to-typescript"]
}
```

And in `YAML`:

```yaml
---
# .eslintrc.yaml
plugins:
  - migrate-to-typescript
```

> ###### For the full `eslint` configuration files format see eslint offical document - [Configuration Files](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/configuring/configuration-files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### For the full `eslint` configuration files format see eslint's official document - [Configuration Files](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/configuring/configuration-files).
```

> ## usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

> the "recommended" way to consume `eslint` plugins is to consume it's pre-defined configurations in the `extends` property, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "recommended" way to consume `eslint` plugins is to consume it's pre-defined configurations (see **Plugin's configs** section) in the `extends` property, like this:
```

```json
// .eslintrc.json
{
  "extends": ["plugin:migrate-to-typescript/<pre-defined-config-name>"]
}
```

> ## plugin's configs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Plugin's configs
```

### node-js-with-ts

> For projects that combines both `.ts` and `.js` files, designed to support migration to `typescript`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For projects that include both `.ts` and `.js` files. Designed to support migration to `typescript`.
```

usage:

```json
  // .eslintrc.json
  {
    ...,
    "extends": ["plugin:migrate-to-typescript/node-js-with-ts"]
  }
```

> ###### See what rules the config includes [here](./configs/index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### See what rules this config includes [here](./configs/node-js-with-ts.md)
```

### node-ts-only

> For full `typescript` projects, designed to enforce to stop using `commonjs` syntax together with `typescript`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `typescript` projects. Designed to enforce the prevention of using `commonjs` syntax together with `typescript`.
```

usage:

```json
  // .eslintrc.json
  {
    ...,
    "extends": ["plugin:migrate-to-typescript/node-ts-only"]
  }
```

> ###### See what rules the config includes [here](./configs/index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### See what rules this config includes [here](./configs/node-ts-only.md)
```

> ## use manual rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use rules manually
```

> You can view the full rules list here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the full rules list [here](./rules/index.md)
```
